README.md, before:

# Local News Assignment

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/driimus/340ctcw.svg?token=kAw4dYYDuYsjS2BM8ceE&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/driimus/340ctcw)
[![Code Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/driimus/340ctcw/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=BseGtb6kXn)](https://codecov.io/gh/driimus/340ctcw)
[![BCH compliance](https://bettercodehub.com/edge/badge/driimus/340ctcw?branch=master&token=3fe4a078e4b128f4c9399facabd3d763186b5bd0)](https://bettercodehub.com/)
<br>A local news site where users can log in an post local news and events.

## [Assignment Topic](https://github.coventry.ac.uk/web/assignment-topics/blob/master/11%20Local%20News.md)

## [Live demo](http://cwlocalnews-env.zg6je4v2an.eu-west-2.elasticbeanstalk.com/) - hosted on AWS

## Docs

- [University GitHub](https://github.coventry.ac.uk/pages/340CT-1920SEPJAN/petrec/)
- [Normal GitHub](https://driimus.github.io/340ctcw/)

## Quick links

- [v1.7.1](https://github.coventry.ac.uk/petrec/petrec/releases/tag/v1.7.1) - Advanced website optimized for production
- [v1.6.1](https://github.coventry.ac.uk/petrec/petrec/releases/tag/v1.6.1) - Adds account details page
- [v1.5.1](https://github.coventry.ac.uk/petrec/petrec/releases/tag/v1.5.1) - Covers all the required features
- [v1.4.0](https://github.coventry.ac.uk/petrec/petrec/releases/tag/v1.4.0) - Adds automated newsletter rollout to subscribed users
- [v1.3.0](https://github.coventry.ac.uk/petrec/petrec/releases/tag/v1.3.0) - Adds support for rating published articles
- [v1.2.0](https://github.coventry.ac.uk/petrec/petrec/releases/tag/v1.2.0) - Covers the intermediate features
- [v1.0.1](https://github.coventry.ac.uk/petrec/petrec/releases/tag/v1.0.1) - Covers the basic features listed in the assignment topic

Commit message:

Added coverage Grid Graph to the README.

README.md, after:

# Local News Assignment

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/driimus/340ctcw.svg?token=kAw4dYYDuYsjS2BM8ceE&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/driimus/340ctcw)
[![Code Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/driimus/340ctcw/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=BseGtb6kXn)](https://codecov.io/gh/driimus/340ctcw)
[![BCH compliance](https://bettercodehub.com/edge/badge/driimus/340ctcw?branch=master&token=3fe4a078e4b128f4c9399facabd3d763186b5bd0)](https://bettercodehub.com/)
<br>A local news site where users can log in an post local news and events.

## [Assignment Topic](https://github.coventry.ac.uk/web/assignment-topics/blob/master/11%20Local%20News.md)

## Code Coverage Grid Graph for the modules directory

![](https://codecov.io/gh/driimus/340ctcw/branch/master/graphs/tree.svg?token=BseGtb6kXn)

## [Live demo](http://cwlocalnews-env.zg6je4v2an.eu-west-2.elasticbeanstalk.com/) - hosted on AWS

## Docs

- [University GitHub](https://github.coventry.ac.uk/pages/340CT-1920SEPJAN/petrec/)
- [Normal GitHub](https://driimus.github.io/340ctcw/)

## Quick links

- [v1.7.1](https://github.coventry.ac.uk/petrec/petrec/releases/tag/v1.7.1) - Advanced website optimized for production
- [v1.6.1](https://github.coventry.ac.uk/petrec/petrec/releases/tag/v1.6.1) - Adds account details page
- [v1.5.1](https://github.coventry.ac.uk/petrec/petrec/releases/tag/v1.5.1) - Covers all the required features
- [v1.4.0](https://github.coventry.ac.uk/petrec/petrec/releases/tag/v1.4.0) - Adds automated newsletter rollout to subscribed users
- [v1.3.0](https://github.coventry.ac.uk/petrec/petrec/releases/tag/v1.3.0) - Adds support for rating published articles
- [v1.2.0](https://github.coventry.ac.uk/petrec/petrec/releases/tag/v1.2.0) - Covers the intermediate features
- [v1.0.1](https://github.coventry.ac.uk/petrec/petrec/releases/tag/v1.0.1) - Covers the basic features listed in the assignment topic
